this is a very classic okay summer
dessert yeah yeah
rather than that stodgy white
horrible wienie McBride we've got a
really nice tasty brioche okay right
Nigel just explained to me yeah I want
working toward the center tell me you're
doing quick right we've dipped the
brioche into a black currant coulis good
within layering it with fresh
strawberries yep
another brioche DS it's in the Cawley
yeah I've been layering it with black
currants go berries and it'll be yeah
served with a creme fraiche with lime
zest good good good good let's go I'll
awesomely if there's anyone yeah in this
country tonight that could set fire to
that it would be you okay good and stay
off the stove let's go five
yes
right raspy DRAM good raspy bad like
I've done and always hit the center of
the play yes and then with a Cooley
watch just in the top one there and then
a little bit what just a little bit but
don't don't no the plates up yeah
nice and gentle watch your bit there and
round I are sure to hit the middle of
the plate look what yours is
cutting correct oh come on
sorry I'm now can't loss like argument
saying it okay limit come on Kevin let's
go I'm ready you're ready while your
plates always so dirty it now
Robert you get hot spoon and it's called
a quenelle when it watch so yeah a hot
spoon like that it just melts the cream
don't go to hot pan or as it
slides off off then on yeah no off
you do it yourself
cool dear service please
you